This project is an attempt to use the singleton design pattern and construct a job recommendation system which will be used by 3 types of users; candidates, an admin, and human resources staff.

System module
1. Candidate profile We have created login profile for candidate. Candidate will register to job portal by filling registration form. System will provide login ID and password to candidate. Candidate can sign in to job portal by entering given credentials. Candidate have to fill all details while registering to job portal.
2. Admin login This module is designed for admin. Admin will play important role in application. Admin will also have login credential to sign into account. Admin will store all information related to candidate in database. Admin will be intermediate between candidate and H.R. company. Admin will provide all details of candidate to H.R. Similarly, Admin will provide information of company to candidate. When candidate will apply to any job profile, admin will send candidate`s resume to H.R. Candidate will upload resume which is forwarded by admin to company. When candidate enter their key skills, admin will search suitable company profile for candidate, and convey message to candidate. If candidate attend interview, then admin will update his/her status.
3. H.R. login H.R module will be registered and possess credential as H.R. login. H.R. will possess information of candidate. H.R. will schedule interview for candidate. Details of further process will be maintained by H.R. There is another module i.e. company module. Candidate will search for various companies according to their requirements. All Company name and details will be stored in database.
4. Application Candidate will apply through this module. Application of candidate will be stored. Number of companies and name, for which candidate is applying will be stored.
5. Interview portal All scheduled and attained interview`s details will be shown in this module.